It's only been a few days since you came to Haicheng Branch.
It's going to make a mess out of this.
Fortunately we came early
Otherwise, you will lose it sooner or later.
You colluded with my employees and two more
A branch of Haichen
I'm not into this kind of sales yet
Hmph, don't pretend for me
My two loyal dogs have already taken your little things
Touch the epidemic
See for yourself
What the hell are you laughing at?
Such a low chance of framing
You will also believe
Let me tell you something.
Sooner or later, you will be blocked by the two of them.
Liar master
We can't listen to them.
They are divisive sinners
You don't want to ask the authority of the wolf
Was it easy? Yes
Is my worst enemy the queen?
Ye Yao
You got the right one.
I came to the company today to get it back for you.